DRIVERS-2807 Update GridFS spec to add `delete_by_name` and `rename_by_name` (#1702)
mongodb/specifications: source/gridfs/gridfs-spec.md

If a networking or server error occurs, drivers MUST raise an error.

### File deletion by filename

To rename all revisions of a stored file with the specified filename, drivers SHOULD provide the method
`delete_by_name`:

```javascript
class GridFSBucket {

  /**
   * Deletes all stored files with the specified @filename from a GridFS bucket.
   */
  void delete_by_name(string filename);

}
```

This method is an optimisation over deleting each revision of a stored file individually.

**Implementation details:**

Drivers MUST first find the `_id` field of all files collection documents with the given filename. Drivers MUST then

> delete all chunks with `files_id` in the found ids that was just deleted. Drivers MUST then delete all files collection

Reviewer: Wouldn't we want to delete the files documents first and then the chunks? Doing the opposite increases the chance of reading a phantom corrupt file. This is the same reason we always upload the chunks before saving the files document.

Author: You are correct. Files should be deleted before chunks to ensure there is no partial files. But if the operation that deletes chunks fails, then there is orphan chunks.

Spec updated.

> found ids that was just deleted.

Reviewer: `ids that was just deleted.` -> `ids that were just deleted.`

Or use client.bulk_write() to delete both in one command :). We can leave that as a future optimization.

Author: > Or use client.bulk_write() to delete both in one command :). We can leave that as a future optimization.

This would require server version 8.0 with the new client bulk write API to perform operations on both collections.

}
```

Sets the filename field in the stored file's files collection document to the new filename.

**Implementation details:**

Drivers construct and execute an update_one command on the files collection using `{ _id: @id }` as the filter and
`{ $set : { filename : "new_filename" } }` as the update parameter.

> If `renameByName` is not implemented to rename multiple revisions of the same filename, users must retrieve the full

Author: ```suggestion
If `rename_by_name` is not implemented to rename multiple revisions of the same filename, users must retrieve the full
```

Drivers construct and execute an update_one command on the files collection using `{ _id: @id }` as the filter and
`{ $set : { filename : "new_filename" } }` as the update parameter.

If `renameByName` is not implemented to rename multiple revisions of the same filename, users must retrieve the full
list of files collection documents for a given filename and execute "rename" on each corresponding `_id`.

If there is no file with the given id, drivers MUST raise an error.

### Renaming stored files by filename

To rename all revisions of a stored file with the specified filename, drivers SHOULD provide the method

> `rename_by_name`:

Author: One thing I did not think about is if there is already a newer file with the new filename, then it will stay the last revision for this filename.

We can't change the date of the renamed files, as that would change the order of the revisions.

Reviewer: Correct that seems like expected behavior to me.
